# teleport: region select
[dialog]
topic=Teleport
id=teleport
response_only=true
response=map_region_intro
response=map_region_st_maria
response=map_region_mez
response=map_region_wizard
response=map_region_underworld
response=map_region_infinity
response=map_region_hoi
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Introduction
id=map_region_intro
response_only=true
response=map_arrival
response=map_river_trail
response=map_perdition_harbor
response=map_hyperspace
response=map_book_of_the_dead
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Region 1: Salted Field -> St. Maria
id=map_region_st_maria
response_only=true
response=map_salted_field
response=map_perdition_mines
response=map_stonewood
response=map_goblin_camp
response=map_goblin_cave
response=map_merrimead_swamp
response=map_lochport_cemetery
response=map_family_crypt
response=map_lochport
response=map_st_maria_1
response=map_st_maria_2
response=map_st_maria_3
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Region 2: Lake Kuuma -> Temple of Mez
id=map_region_mez
response_only=true
response=map_lake_kuuma
response=map_fort_amir
response=map_blackmire_mines
response=map_abandoned_mines
response=map_grot_lagoon
response=map_the_breach
response=map_stormrock_pass
response=map_stormrock_ruins
response=map_antlion_nest
response=map_temple_of_mez_1
response=map_temple_of_mez_2
response=map_temple_of_mez_3
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Region 3: Nazia Highlands -> Wizard's Tower
id=map_region_wizard
response_only=true
response=map_nazia_highlands
response=map_nazia_mines
response=map_nazia_underground
response=map_southern_ridge
response=map_mog_caverns
response=map_black_oak_farm
response=map_dilapidated_sewers
response=map_fort_nasu
response=map_black_oak_city
response=map_wizards_tower_1
response=map_wizards_tower_2
response=map_wizards_tower_3
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Region 4: Underworld
id=map_region_underworld
response_only=true
response=map_underworld
response=map_torture_chambers
response=map_underworld_catacombs
response=map_underworld_mines
response=map_oasis
response=map_underworld_stronghold_1
response=map_underworld_stronghold_2
response=map_the_pit
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity
id=map_region_hoi
response_only=true
response=map_hoi_hub
response=map_hoi_1
response=map_hoi_2
response=map_hoi_3
response=map_hoi_4
response=map_hoi_5
response=map_hoi_6
response=map_hoi_7
response=map_hoi_8
response=map_hoi_9
response=map_hoi_10
response=main
her=

[dialog]
topic=Arrival
intermap=maps/arrival.txt
id=map_arrival
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=River Trail
intermap=maps/river_trail.txt
id=map_river_trail
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Perdition Harbor
intermap=maps/perdition_harbor.txt
id=map_perdition_harbor
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Hyperspace
intermap=maps/hyperspace.txt
id=map_hyperspace
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Book of the Dead
intermap=maps/book_of_the_dead.txt
id=map_book_of_the_dead
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Salted Field
intermap=maps/salted_field.txt
id=map_salted_field
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Perdition Mines
intermap=maps/perdition_mines.txt
id=map_perdition_mines
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Stonewood
intermap=maps/stonewood.txt
id=map_stonewood
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Goblin Camp
intermap=maps/goblin_camp.txt
id=map_goblin_camp
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Goblin Cave
intermap=maps/goblin_cave.txt
id=map_goblin_cave
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Merrimead Swamp
intermap=maps/merrimead_swamp.txt
id=map_merrimead_swamp
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Lochport Cemetery
intermap=maps/lochport_cemetery.txt
id=map_lochport_cemetery
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Family Crypt
intermap=maps/family_crypt.txt
id=map_family_crypt
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Lochport
intermap=maps/lochport.txt
id=map_lochport
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=St. Maria: Mausoleum
intermap=maps/st_maria_1.txt
id=map_st_maria_1
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=St. Maria: Catacombs
intermap=maps/st_maria_2.txt
id=map_st_maria_2
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=St. Maria: Crypt
intermap=maps/st_maria_3.txt
id=map_st_maria_3
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Lake Kuuma
intermap=maps/lake_kuuma.txt
id=map_lake_kuuma
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Fort Amir
intermap=maps/fort_amir.txt
id=map_fort_amir
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Blackmire Mines
intermap=maps/blackmire_mines.txt
id=map_blackmire_mines
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Abandoned Mines
intermap=maps/abandoned_mines.txt
id=map_abandoned_mines
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Grot Lagoon
intermap=maps/grot_lagoon.txt
id=map_grot_lagoon
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=The Breach
intermap=maps/the_breach.txt
id=map_the_breach
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Stormrock Pass
intermap=maps/stormrock_pass.txt
id=map_stormrock_pass
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Stormrock Ruins
intermap=maps/stormrock_ruins.txt
id=map_stormrock_ruins
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Antlion Nest
intermap=maps/antlion_nest.txt
id=map_antlion_nest
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Temple of Mez: Basement
intermap=maps/temple_of_mez_1.txt
id=map_temple_of_mez_1
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Temple of Mez: Main Hall
intermap=maps/temple_of_mez_2.txt
id=map_temple_of_mez_2
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Temple of Mez: Entrance
intermap=maps/temple_of_mez_3.txt
id=map_temple_of_mez_3
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Nazia Highlands
intermap=maps/nazia_highlands.txt
id=map_nazia_highlands
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Nazia Mines
intermap=maps/nazia_mines.txt
id=map_nazia_mines
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Nazia Underground
intermap=maps/nazia_underground.txt
id=map_nazia_underground
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Southern Ridge
intermap=maps/southern_ridge.txt
id=map_southern_ridge
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Mog Caverns
intermap=maps/mog_caverns.txt
id=map_mog_caverns
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Black Oak Farm
intermap=maps/black_oak_farm.txt
id=map_black_oak_farm
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Dilapidated Sewers
intermap=maps/dilapidated_sewers.txt
id=map_dilapidated_sewers
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Fort Nasu
intermap=maps/fort_nasu.txt
id=map_fort_nasu
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Black Oak City
intermap=maps/black_oak_city.txt
id=map_black_oak_city
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Wizard's Tower: Entrance Hall
intermap=maps/wizards_tower_1.txt
id=map_wizards_tower_1
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Wizard's Tower: Research Chambers
intermap=maps/wizards_tower_2.txt
id=map_wizards_tower_2
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Wizard's Tower: Laboratory
intermap=maps/wizards_tower_3.txt
id=map_wizards_tower_3
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Underworld
intermap=maps/underworld.txt
id=map_underworld
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Torture Chambers
intermap=maps/torture_chambers.txt
id=map_torture_chambers
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Underworld Catacombs
intermap=maps/underworld_catacombs.txt
id=map_underworld_catacombs
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Underworld Mines
intermap=maps/underworld_mines.txt
id=map_underworld_mines
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Oasis
intermap=maps/oasis.txt
id=map_oasis
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Underworld Stronghold: Foyer
intermap=maps/underworld_stronghold_1.txt
id=map_underworld_stronghold_1
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Underworld Stronghold: Barracks
intermap=maps/underworld_stronghold_2.txt
id=map_underworld_stronghold_2
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=The Pit
intermap=maps/the_pit.txt
id=map_the_pit
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity.txt
id=map_hoi_hub
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 1
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_1.txt
id=map_hoi_1
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 2
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_2.txt
id=map_hoi_2
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 3
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_3.txt
id=map_hoi_3
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 4
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_4.txt
id=map_hoi_4
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 5
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_5.txt
id=map_hoi_5
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 6
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_6.txt
id=map_hoi_6
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 7
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_7.txt
id=map_hoi_7
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 8
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_8.txt
id=map_hoi_8
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 9
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_9.txt
id=map_hoi_9
response_only=true

[dialog]
topic=Halls of Infinity: 10
intermap=maps/halls_of_infinity/halls_of_infinity_10.txt
id=map_hoi_10
response_only=true

